docs/gallery.md, before:

# Gallery

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

- [![Incremental Potential Contact](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/IPC/results/ipc_side.png?raw=true)](examples/ipc.md)

- [![Scalable Locally Injective Mappings](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Slim/results/fig3.png?raw=true)](examples/slim.md)

- [![Layout Embedding via Combinatorial Optimization](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Layout/results/pig_embedded.png?raw=true)](examples/layout.md)

- [![The Heat Method](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Heat/results/bunny_heat.png?raw=true)](examples/heat.md)

- [![Components](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Components/results/foot_top.png?raw=true)](examples/components.md)

- [![Neral Skeleton](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Skeleton/results/fertility_skeleton.png?raw=true)](examples/skeleton.md)

- [![3D Freehand Sketch](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Sketch/results/designer2_guitar_01_rough_dark.png?raw=true#only-light) ](examples/sketch.md)[![3D Freehand Sketch](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Sketch/results/designer2_guitar_01_rough_light.png?raw=true#only-dark)](examples/sketch.md)

- [![Powell Sabin Tet Subdivision](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/PowellSabin/results/powell_sabin_explode.png?raw=true)](examples/powell-sabin.md)

- [![Topographic Map](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Elevation/results/usgs_1_n35112.png?raw=true)](examples/elevation.md)

- [![Deformation](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Deformation/results/cylinder_1.png?raw=true)](examples/deformation.md)

- [![Penny](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Penny/results/penny.png?raw=true)](examples/penny.md)

- [![SPH](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/SPH/results/waterbell_133.png?raw=true)](examples/sph.md)

- [![Moon](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Moon/results/moon.png?raw=true)](examples/moon.md)

</div>

Commit message:

Dev/0.3.1 (#28)
* Bump version.

* Update checkboard texture, UVMesh transform.

* Add support for num_contours.

* Add face example. Added control for the number of contour lines.

* Scalar field scale bug fix.

* Add flow example.

* Expose children layers as property.

* Update type hints.

* Add fiber example.

* Add developable and tetwild example.

* Update gallary order.

docs/gallery.md, after:

# Gallery

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

- [![Incremental Potential Contact](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/IPC/results/ipc_side.png?raw=true)](examples/ipc.md)

- [![Scalable Locally Injective Mappings](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Slim/results/fig3.png?raw=true)](examples/slim.md)

- [![Layout Embedding via Combinatorial Optimization](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Layout/results/pig_embedded.png?raw=true)](examples/layout.md)

- [![The Heat Method](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Heat/results/bunny_heat.png?raw=true)](examples/heat.md)

- [![Tetrahedral Meshing in the Wild](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/TetWild/results/bust.png?raw=true)](examples/tetwild.md)

- [![Neral Skeleton](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Skeleton/results/fertility_skeleton.png?raw=true)](examples/skeleton.md)

- [![3D Freehand Sketch](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Sketch/results/designer2_guitar_01_rough_dark.png?raw=true#only-light) ](examples/sketch.md)[![3D Freehand Sketch](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Sketch/results/designer2_guitar_01_rough_light.png?raw=true#only-dark)](examples/sketch.md)

- [![Powell Sabin Tet Subdivision](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/PowellSabin/results/powell_sabin_explode.png?raw=true)](examples/powell-sabin.md)

- [![Topographic Map](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Elevation/results/usgs_1_n35112.png?raw=true)](examples/elevation.md)

- [![Deformation](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Deformation/results/cylinder_1.png?raw=true)](examples/deformation.md)

- [![Penny](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Penny/results/penny.png?raw=true)](examples/penny.md)

- [![SPH](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/SPH/results/waterbell_133.png?raw=true)](examples/sph.md)

- [![Mean Curvature Flow](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Flow/results/bust.png?raw=true)](examples/flow.md)

- [![Developability of Triangle Meshes](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Developable/results/mask_3.png?raw=true)](examples/developable.md)

- [![Components](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Components/results/foot_top.png?raw=true)](examples/components.md)

- [![Fibers](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Fibers/results/fibers.png?raw=true)](examples/fibers.md)

- [![Moon](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Moon/results/moon.png?raw=true)](examples/moon.md)

- [![Face](https://github.com/qnzhou/hakowan-gallery/blob/main/gallery/Face/results/face_uv.png?raw=true)](examples/face.md)

</div>
